well we are here at the end of the
gauntlet
at the cloud9 headquarters gauntlet was
played just a while ago now I'm John
wise asel who by the way I've never
interviewed before this first time we've
talked yeah I actually the like week
three I said to you I want him to be
interviewed at some point so I'm happy
it's finally come time I guess well it's
true I mean and that's the thing is at
the time I was like he has to earn it
you know he has to make it to Worlds and
then we can do it and you did I'm just
kidding but of course coverage brought
to you by Omni slash is always zeizel
what has this split been like for you
because like you drop in to the team
they end up on stage accepting Awards
and going off to Korea all this kind of
crazy stuff it must be very exciting the
split has been exciting I think most of
all it's been nerve-wracking I guess
because at the beginning I was replacing
like smoothie at the time probably
considered the best support going into
the season so it was weird the cloud 9
as an organization would decide to put a
rookie in for smoothie so I think that
had forced me to have high expectations
of myself and I think also the fans at
high expectations so to make it to this
point where I feel like I've redeemed
myself and I've proven that there was a
reason to make the decision I'm pretty
happy it's great to be here
do you what what was the like because I
I do remember people were like hazel
what the hell why would you leave
legendary shot-caller smoothie and you
can't come off of your roster now you've
got this guy he's got a weird beard like
what is now you know like people are
cheering for you and so happy that
you're part of this team what has that
emotional rollercoaster been like
because I'm sure it was like difficult
to sort of see those inertial initial
conversations it's been pretty rough
like there were times I actually was
like Reaper I don't know if this is the
right decision like I told him at one
point maybe week three like I don't
think I'm performing as well as Smoothie
could and that he should consider using
him but he was like well we're using you
because of X reason and we understand
like
I know what I'm getting into so I think
that's like part of like explaining the
emotion like I clearly was not too
confident with myself after week one and
two so it was rough getting to this
point and now you're here you know that
you're gonna be going off to face off
against legends at the world
championship series you know you feel
really confident now everything's going
good are you nervous at all about facing
because these are like the final bosses
in some sense I don't think I've ever
been too nervous no matter who I face
even going into the liquid series I
wasn't really nervous and going into
this series the rest of my teammates
were actually pretty nervous like no one
was super confident going into this
series and I'm just like yeah we're
gonna win like I'm just going along with
it I mean I feel like we're gonna win
every series so maybe that's a problem
but it's like blind confidence I guess
blind trust in my teammates right now
well I think that'll be good for you as
you head into plans have you have you
been to Korea before I've been to Korea
twice once with United and doing this
offseason I went with smoothy Keith and
definitely so it's not too crazy for you
to head over there are you excited about
soloqueue or anything in particular
outside obviously of worlds I think the
main thing to be excited about is that
like once you're there it's you get out
of your natural like habits and then you
feel more in like you feel like it's
more necessary to play a lot and grind a
lot and every year I see players go to
Worlds and they just become so much
better and I think to have this
advantage over seven other teams in my
league will make me stand out much more
as an individual and our team stand out
more as a unit when you think about
cloud 9 at Worlds
do you like envision
group-stage quarter stage semis you know
like what do you do you think about that
stuff honestly I don't really think that
far ahead like I think I just now found
out how we do plans and I don't really
know the format for worlds as is so I'm
just thinking like we go there we
practice we do the
we can and we make it as far as we can
I'll give you one hand just win if you
keep winning that is that so that's how
the format works is that you just keep
winning and then you keep moving on so
that's yeah and that's that's what I
would suggest for you because North
American teams they don't always realize
that's the format I've noticed this or
they they think you're supposed to win
in the beginning and then lose at the
end it is actually supposed to be all
about winning yeah I don't think na has
necessarily realized the goal is to win
it internationally so let's hope hope we
know that's the goal going in I'll tell
my teammates just if if you guys do that
just make sure that everyone understands
it was my suggestion that you guys win
and that's what led to the success thank
you thank you thank you okay are you
have you looked at any other teams that
have qualified for worlds outside North
America have you been like did you watch
any of the EU LCS stuff or is it like
really it's gonna be time to study as
soon as you get to Korea
every morning I watched the LCS matches
for you that are going on so I've seen
those teams like I watched g2 were
shocked today I watched the previous
comment matches I didn't see that u
finals but I did watch a lot of LPL
recently I watched the lck gauntlet last
night i watch mostly like random amounts
of every region so I do know most the
teams that are going but there is like
the one team in Turkey it's super
massive right with GBM obviously GBM was
my previous teammate and he's been super
supportive of licorice and I threw out
all this and like he's he deemed me and
like tweeted us out so I'm excited to
have him there too that is really neat
to see now you guys head off in just a
couple hours are you packed I just
brought my suitcase over right before
this interview so I'm packed now yeah
are you bringing good luck charms or
anything in particular is there anything
that you're like I I need this in order
to to be okay over there as far as I
know so you're good it's just you just
you've got all the basics and that's
what you need
play my computer there the riot gives us
which we cannot install any other
programs on so we really got a grind
League very good very good
other than that trying to think if
there's anything else as you as you head
out there I mean I guess is there
anything that you would say to any of
the cloud9 fans out there that are
probably super stoked after the today's
3el well I hope that you all support
myself my teammates
Travis cafard here of course Omni slash
I yeah just thanks for all the support
and I'm glad we broke cloud nines TSM
curse I guess they so I don't I don't
currently have any hotel reservations or
flights available for World Finals but
if you guys make it to World Finals I
will go in the hopes of getting an
interview with you so that you can say
that it was all me in the interview very
good glad to hear it
binding agreement here recorded thank
you so much days well for the interview
and best look at Worlds make us proud
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of our coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
hi everyone thanks so much for watching
my video this has been sponsored by only
flash pier charges to be $40,000 per
interview to do this so if you want to
place it on my patreon and donate or
subscribe or whatever and anything helps